Update README.md (#61)
bcgov/pipeline-templates: tekton/README.md

These instructions assume the use of a bash-based shell such as `zsh` (included on OS X) or [WSL](https://www.howtogeek.com/249966/how-to-install-and-use-the-linux-bash-shell-on-windows-10/) for Windows. Please use one of these shells, or make the appropriate modifications to the commands shown in these instructions.

### Prerequisites - Personal access token
Before you begin, you will need to [create your Fine-grained GitHub Personal access token]([https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens](https://github.com/settings/tokens?type=beta)).

> Please give it a meanful name and reasonalble expiration date, make sure to  select `All repositories` in Repository access. And click `Generate Token` to obtain your token that can be use in this pipeline template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please give your fine-grained token a meaningful name and reasonable expiration date. Make sure to  select `All repositories` in Repository access. And click `Generate Token` to obtain your token that can be use in this pipeline template.

```
